I have been secretly in love with Luo Er for ten years. ten years.
This logic doesn't make sense. Why doesn't it make sense?
I like him. He likes other people.
Can only have a crush. Right.
This person. Thank you sir.
Thank you Korea Taiwan. Welcome home.
Thanks. It would be a thank you.
It's our normal. I didn't like your clothes yesterday.
Jump around, if you don’t like it,
Take Tao Su away. Hello Miss Luo,
I am a friend of the Xie family. Miss Luo,
Don't call me Uncle Tang. Hello, Uncle Tang.
Teacher Li will come back later. She is Mingli's stylist.
If the clothes don't fit, she and her assistant will pick them up.
You don’t have to rush to sell far away anymore.
You just told my brother about that big love thing